https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtkeF_e9M6w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq_cXYjSglQ&list=PL4PCksYQGLJOcaPLgeMFaxaHigPFjBuTG&index=5

Greedy Problems:

Activity Selection Problem
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/n-meetings-in-one-room/0

Job SequencingProblem
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/job-sequencing-problem/0

Huffman Coding
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/huffman-encoding/0

Water Connection Problem
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/water-connection-problem/0

Minimum Swaps for Bracket Balancing
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-swaps-for-bracket-balancing/0

Fitting Shelves Problem
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/fitting-shelves-problem/

Minimum cost to connect all cities
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/minimum-cost-connect-cities/

Max Flow Problem Introduction
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/max-flow-problem-introduction/

Maximum product subset of an array
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-product-subset-array/

Maximize array sum after K negations
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/maximize-sum-after-k-negations/0

Maximize the sum of arr[i]*i
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/maximize-arrii-of-an-array/0

Maximum sum of absolute difference of an array
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-sum-absolute-difference-array/

Maximize sum of consecutive differences in a circular array
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/swap-and-maximize/0

Minimum sum of absolute difference of pairs of two arrays
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/minimum-sum-absolute-difference-pairs-two-arrays/

Array element moved by k using single moves
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/array-element-moved-k-using-single-moves/

Program for Shortest Job First (or SJF) CPU Scheduling
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-for-shortest-job-first-or-sjf-cpu-scheduling-set-1-non-preemptive/

Program for Least Recently Used (LRU) Page Replacement algorithm
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/page-faults-in-lru/0

Set Cover Problem
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/set-cover-problem-set-1-greedy-approximate-algorithm/

Graph ColoringProblem
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/graph-coloring-set-2-greedy-algorithm/

Fractional Knapsack Problem
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/fractional-knapsack/0

Greedy Algorithm to find Minimum number of Coins
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/coin-piles/0

Maximum trains for which stoppage can be provided
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-trains-stoppage-can-provided/

Buy Maximum Stocks if i stocks can be bought on i-th day
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/buy-maximum-stocks-stocks-can-bought-th-day/

Find the minimum and maximum amount to buy all N candies
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/shop-in-candy-store/0

Minimize Cash Flow among a given set of friends who have borrowed money from each other
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/minimize-cash-flow-among-given-set-friends-borrowed-money/

Minimum Cost to cut a board into squares
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/minimum-cost-cut-board-squares/

Check if it is possible to survive on Island
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/survival/

Smallest subset with sum greater than all other elements
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/smallest-subset-sum-greater-elements/

Chocolate Distribution Problem
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/left-out-candies/0

DEFKIN -Defense of a Kingdom
https://www.spoj.com/problems/DEFKIN/

DIEHARD -DIE HARD
https://www.spoj.com/problems/DIEHARD/

GERGOVIA -Wine trading in Gergovia
https://www.spoj.com/problems/GERGOVIA/

Picking Up Chicks
https://www.spoj.com/problems/GCJ101BB/

CHOCOLA –Chocolate
https://www.spoj.com/problems/CHOCOLA/

ARRANGE -Arranging Amplifiers
https://www.spoj.com/problems/ARRANGE/

K Centers Problem
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/k-centers-problem-set-1-greedy-approximate-algorithm/

Minimum Cost of ropes
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-cost-of-ropes/0

Prim’s Minimum Spanning Tree (MST)

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/prims-minimum-spanning-tree-mst-greedy-algo-5/

Minimum PlatformsProblem
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-platforms/0

Efficient Huffman Coding for Sorted Input
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/efficient-huffman-coding-for-sorted-input-greedy-algo-4/

Prim’s MST for Adjacency List Representation
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/prims-mst-for-adjacency-list-representation-greedy-algo-6/

Kruskal’s Minimum Spanning Tree Algorithm
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/kruskals-minimum-spanning-tree-algorithm-greedy-algo-2/
